Improve k8s release versioning docs (#2103)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-k8s-ref/kubernetes-releases-and-versioning.md

This topic describes how Harness tracks releases and versions in Kubernetes deployments.

> Every Harness deployment creates a new release with an incrementally increasing number. Release history is stored in the Kubernetes cluster in a ConfigMap or Secret object. This object is essential for release tracking, versioning and rollback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Harness deployment creates a new release with an incrementally increasing number. Release history is stored in the Kubernetes cluster in a ConfigMap or Secret object. This object is essential for release tracking, versioning, and rollback.
```

> By default, all ConfigMaps and Secrets are versioned by Harness. The corresponding references for these ConfigMaps and Secrets in other manifest objects are also updated (for example - managed workloads like Deployment, Statefulset and so on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all ConfigMaps and Secrets are versioned by Harness. The corresponding references for these ConfigMaps and Secrets in other manifest objects are also updated (for example, managed workloads like Deployment, StatefulSet, and so on).
```

> Versioning does not change how you use ConfigMaps or Secrets. You do not need to reference these release numbers when using ConfigMaps or Secrets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versioning does not change how you use ConfigMaps or Secrets. You need not reference the release numbers when using ConfigMaps or Secrets. 
```

INFO   2019-02-15 10:53:33    Previous Successful Release is 4
```

For cases where versioning is not required, it can be skipped in these two ways: 
- The manifest provided in the Harness Service **Manifests** section can be annotated with `harness.io/skip-versioning: "true"`

> - The checkbox `Skip Versioning` present within the `Advanced` settings in the Harness Service **Manifests** section (**Manifest Configuration** page) can be set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Harness service's **Manifest Configuration** page, select **Manifests** > **Advanced**, and then select the **Skip Versioning** checkbox.
```

:::note
Versioning is not done when declarative rollback is enabled.
:::

> For example. you might want to skip versioning for an ImagePullSecret because it never changes, or for TLS certs if they are referred in a Kubernetes container cmd args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you might want to skip versioning for an ImagePullSecret because it never changes, or for TLS certs if they are referred in a Kubernetes container cmd args.
```

### Release Name
Harness also uses a release name for tracking releases. You can supply a release name in a stage's Infrastructure **Release Name** setting.

> This release name is used to create the corresponding harness release ConfigMap or Secret. Thus, the provided release name should at least be a valid [DNS subdomain name](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-subdomain-names).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release name is used to create the corresponding Harness release ConfigMap or Secret. Thus, the provided release name should be a valid [DNS subdomain name](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-subdomain-names).
```

INFO   2019-02-15 10:53:33    Previous Successful Release is 4
```

In some cases, you might want to skip versioning. For example, skip versioning for: 
- ImagePullSecret because it never changes.
- TLS certs if they are referred in a Kubernetes container command or arguments.

For cases where versioning is not required, it can be skipped by using these two ways: 

> - Annotate the manifest provided in the Harness Service **Manifests** section with `harness.io/skip-versioning: "true"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Annotate the manifest provided in the Harness service's **Manifests** section with `harness.io/skip-versioning: "true"`.
```
